#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This module works with the Bookmarking service script of AddThis.com and is inspired from a module by JoomlaMafia.com called "mod_AddThis". The "ValAddThis" module is free software, which has been released under the GNU/GPL v2.0 license.


= Details =

*1. Installation*

 * Go to your Joomla administration backend and on the menu Extensions and click on "Install/Uninstall".
 * Upload the file contained here by clicking on "Browse..." and selecting the zipped file.
 * Click on "Upload file & Install".

Now the module "ValAddThis" is installed in Joomla and you can use it.

*2. Configuration*

If you want to use the free Analytics service of AddThis.com you have to create an account there and put your account's ID in the module field "AddThis ID".

Available options include: aim, aolfav, ask, backflip, ballhype, blinklist, blogmarks, bluedot, buzz, delicious, digg, diigo, email, facebook, favorites, fark, feedmelinks, friendfeed, furl, google, kaboodle, kirtsy, linkedin, live, magnolia, misterwong, mixx, multiply, myweb, myspace, netvous, newsvine, print, propeller, reddit, segnalo, sharedstuff, slashdot, spurl, stumbleupon, stylehive, tailrank, technorati, thisnext, twitter, yardbarker, yahoobkm, more.

Apart from those you can also change the "Header text color" as well as the "Header background color" of the drop-down window of AddThis, the "Hover delay" time, the button's "Offset" from Top/Left, choose the button's "Graphic", choose a "user-defined Logo" that appears in the Popup Box and last but not least choose the "type of the Popup Box".

Currently 3 languages are supported: English, German and Greek. If you also want to write a translation for the module then please just contact me.

If you have any questions, suggestions or found any bugs in the module, feel free to send me an email: valandis@valandis.de